♪ Every case in the forest ♪
♪ Is challenging and difficult ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ Will find the answer ♪
♪ We're the best case solvers ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ We are the best partners ♪
LITTLE DETECTIVES
TOBY & TERI
[laughing]
[grunting]
Eh, oops.
Huh?
Hey!
Hello.
[shrieks]
Don't be scared. If you'd like
the apple, you're welcome to it.
Come on. It's all right.
[hedgehog giggles]
-That tickles!
-[Millie laughs]
My name's Lucille.
I'm Millie. Here.
Thank you, Millie.
I-I'm collecting snacks.
I wanted to do it all by myself.
And my mom and dad said I could.
It looks like
you're doing great.
Are the apples
for something special?
Yeah! It's for our sleepover
in Dreamy Grove.
That's where we go every year
to sleep for the whole winter,
my mom, my dad,
and all our friends!
Oh, that sounds like fun.
It is. Well, my mom and dad
are waiting for me there,
so I better get going.
Of course.
You don't want them to worry.
It was nice
meeting you, Lucille.
Nice meeting you too, Millie.
Bye!
Uh, bye again.
Have a great winter.
You, too, Lucille.
Um, Millie, I told my parents
I knew the way to Dreamy Grove,
because I thought I did,
but now I can't remember.
Oh, no! Are you lost?
I think so. What am I gonna do?
I promised my parents
I'd be there in an hour.
If I'm not there on time,
they're going to worry!
Hmm. Hop in my basket.
I know someone who can help
you find Dreamy Grove
and your mom and dad!
Really?
Sure. It's what detectives do.
Hey, guys.
Yum! Are those
cheese sandwiches?
Yeah. Would you like a bite?
-[shrieks]
-[Millie gasps]
[gasps]
Your friend turned into a ball!
It's all right.
Guys, this is
my new friend, Lucille.
-Hey!
-Hi, Lucille.
Go ahead, Lucille.
Just tell Toby and Teri
what's wrong.
I'm supposed to meet my mom and dad
in a place called Dreamy Grove.
Lucille told them she'd
meet them there in one hour.
Hmm, never heard
of Dreamy Grove.
It's where we sleep
for the winter.
You sleep all winter?
Wow! you must have
the world's longest dreams.
We wake up now and then.
That's why we need the apples.
If we wake up and it's snowy,
we'll need snacks.
I thought I knew the way,
but I guess I don't.
You think you guys can help
Lucille find her way to Dreamy Grove?
Of course we can.
Sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
[Toby] Lucille needs to get
to Dreamy Grove in an hour,
or her parents
are gonna worry.
And they need the apples
if they're going to have snacks
to sleep through the whole winter.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this!
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
So this is
where I found Lucille.
So if you go
to Dreamy Grove every year,
we just have to help you
remember which way to go.
But there are two trails.
Which one do we take?
Uh...
Wow. Lucille did
that ball thing again.
What's wrong?
I don't see very well,
and I have short legs,
so I don't like going downhill.
It's hard for hedgehogs.
But I'm okay going uphill.
So if we follow the facts,
it means Lucille's mom and dad
didn't go this way either,
which means Dreamy Grove
has to be that way.
Come on!
[Jay] Wow!
Look at all the apple cores.
Someone must really love apples.
[gasps] Lucille, do you think
it might have
been your mom and dad?
Apples are
my mom and dad's favorite,
And we all eat a bunch
before we go to sleep.
You guys are amazing! Thanks!
It's what detectives do.
♪ Following the footprints,
I sing my little tune ♪
♪ Stepping in the footprints,
We're gonna get there soon ♪
♪ Following the footprints,
I sing my little tune ♪
Wow, how are you making footprints
in places you haven't been yet?
I dunno. This is what I always do
when I go to Dreamy Grove.
I follow
my mom and dad's footprints.
What do you know?
These footprints
match Lucille's.
So they probably are
her mom and dad's.
Nice detective work, Jay.
Come on!
The footprints lead
onto these rocks.
You mean we have
to climb out there?
I mean, I don't. I can fly.
But, are you sure it's this way?
If we use the clues...
and follow the apple cores...
this is the way they went.
Oh, I remember this part.
It's kinda scary.
We'll do it together.
Things aren't so scary
when you do them together.
Climb in. I'll carry you.
[laughs] Thanks, Millie.
Okay, everybody follow me,
and be careful.
[Millie laughs]
[Bean] This is fun.
[Rumy] Whoa.
Hold on tight.
We're almost there.
Oof!
Wait. Hold on.
Oops! Oh!
-My glasses!
-[all gasp]
Oh, no.
Where did my glasses go?
They're right below you,
but they're
in a tiny, little crevice.
I don't think
any of us can fit there.
What am I gonna do?
I can't see without my glasses.
I'll get 'em.
Huh?
[Rumy] Huh?
Aren't you scared?
A little,
but I know I can do it.
[sighs] Okay.
Here goes!
♪ Following the footholds,
I sing my little tune ♪
♪ Millie needs her glasses,
And I'll have them soon ♪
[sighs] I can do this.
Here we go!
[head rattles]
[gasps]
Yeah! [laughs]
Yeah!
-Yeah!
-Yippee!
Oh, I'm so glad
I've got these back.
Thanks, Lucille.
That was really brave.
Wow! Really?
I guess I was brave.
You're the most fearless
hedgehog I've ever met.
But you're also the only
But that was still amazing!
Thanks!
So where do we go from here?
Ah, this part, I remember.
Come on!
Ah, this is it!
Everyone,
this is Dreamy Grove.
♪ Following the footprints,
I sing my little tune... ♪
[Lucille] Mom!
I see her.
She's right over there!
[mother]
♪ Following the footprints ♪
♪ I sing my little tune,
Our little girl is on her way ♪
♪ I hope she'll
be here soon... ♪
-Mom! Dad!
-♪ I sing my little tune ♪
♪ Our little girl
Is on her-- ♪
Lucille, there you are!
We were starting to worry.
Mom, Dad, this is Millie
and her friends.
They helped me find you.
We had a pretty big adventure.
Lucille's a very brave
little hedgehog.
You're going to have
to tell us all about it.
It was really fun!
But I forgot
to bring back snacks.
Or maybe you've got some
right here.
-[mother] Thanks.
-[father] Great!
Ah, thanks, Millie.
You're the best friend
a hedgehog could have.
Everyone say, "Sweet dreams."
-Sweet Dreams!
[camera clicks]
So when we used the clues, we were
able to find Dreamy Grove.
And help Lucille
get back to her mom and dad.
Now they can sleep peacefully
all the way 'til spring.
Time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together]
"The Case of the Bashful Ball"
is officially closed.
-Mm-hmm.
-Nice throw, Bean.
Thanks. [laughs]
I love skipping stones.
Okay, Rumy, it's your turn!
Show 'em how it's done!
Okay.
Here goes!
-Yay, Rumy!
-Yeah! Yeah!
Hey, anybody thirsty?
There's fresh lemonade
back at the treehouse.
Who wants some?
-I do! I do!
-Me! Me!
I think I'm gonna stay here
and keep skipping stones
if that's okay.
Oh, I'll stay here with Rumy.
I like watching the stones
go skip, skip, skip
across the water.
Sounds good. You guys have fun.
Hey, let's find
some really good rocks.
Okay! And while you do that,
I'm going to have a snack.
[humming a tune]
Oh! [laughs]
This one's perfect.
Moose, watch me
set a new record!
[inhales]
[grunts]
Yahoo! Yippee!
Huh?
-[bellows]
-[screams]
A pond monster?
What exactly is a pond monster?
He's a monster in the pond!
I just skipped a stone,
and he appeared!
You must've hit him
with the rock.
Ooh, I bet that made him mad.
Oh, no!
-You made a pond monster mad!
-He was mad!
He made a terrible sound.
Oh, it was awful!
He was just so slimy and scary.
I totally want to see
a pond monster.
Oh, no, you don't!
Okay, first, there's
no such thing as monsters.
I don't know.
Then what did Rumy see?
What else is green,
goes, "Whaah!"
and lives in the pond?
What else could that be?
That's what we're going
to figure out. We promise.
Sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
[Teri] Rumy really loves
skipping stones at the pond,
but now he's afraid to go there
because of what he saw.
But we know monsters aren't real.
Se we gotta figure out
what that thing really was.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this.
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
He was really big,
with floppy ears like lily pads,
and his head was as big
as two thimbleberry bushes.
Mm-hmm. I think I've got it.
How's this?
Ahh! That's him!
[Rumy gasps]
It's all right, Rumy.
Millie drew a picture
of Rumy's pond monster.
I thought it might help you guys
with your investigation.
It totally will.
Thanks, Millie.
Was there anything else,
anything that's
not in the picture?
Yeah!
He made this terrible sound.
When the pond monster rose up
out of the murky depths,
he went...
[creature bellows]
That's him!
Yay! I'm gonna see
a pond monster!
Come on! Let's go!
No! Let's not go!
Let's stay here!
Whoa. Now I'm all by myself.
Guys? Wait up!
Hi, guys!
Are we going back to the pond?
No. Rumy just saw a monster
at the pond, a pond monster.
And we all just heard it.
It went, "Ahh!"
Uh, it was deeper,
more like, "Uhh!"
[laughs]
I make a sound like that
when I step on a pointy rock.
I've got sensitive feet.
But I don't think
I've ever seen a pond monster.
Was it scary?
Oh, yeah! Millie drew a picture.
Wow, he does look scary.
Look familiar at all?
No, but he looks like
he's made of lily pads.
Huh. You're right, and the pond
is full of lily pads.
I say we follow the facts
back to the pond.
Look at all the lily pads.
I know. They're really yummy.
Oh, and the roots
are even better,
but you have to dive all the way to
the bottom of the pond to get them.
Roots at bottom, super yummy.
You dive underwater?
To get the roots, yeah!
There are always
lily pads in the pond,
but look!
There's a bunch on the trail!
Interesting.
How did they get here,
all the way from the pond?
There's mud, too.
It looks like our pond monster
went this way.
Come on!
If the pond monster
went that way,
I think I'd like to stay here.
Will you stay with me?
I'd feel better if you stayed.
Of course.
We can keep each other safe.
As long as you're here
to protect me,
I'm not so scared.
Hey, we could even
skip some stones!
Sure!
Okay.
We'll be back with answers.
There's a lily pad up here.
Look!
How'd it get up there?
Remember? Rumy said
the pond monster was gigantic!
What if every time
our pond monster
brushed against
one of these trees,
he left a lily pad?
Which means
he's not made of lily pads.
He's wearing them.
Wearing lily pads?
But why
would someone wear lily pads?
Well, you might
not do it on purpose.
If you were a big, scary monster
and you rose up
out of the pond,
you might end up
covered in lily pads.
But if the pond monster
lives in the pond,
how come the moose
has never, ever seen him?
I think we'd better head back
and ask some more questions.
Oh, I'm afraid
we skipped so many stones
that all the best ones
are at the bottom of the pond.
You're right. I'll go
in the water and get them!
I do it all the time.
You just stay right here,
and I'll go get us some rocks.
Well, aren't you afraid
of the pond monster?
What if you make him mad
and he comes running out again?
Don't worry. I'll protect you.
You wait here,
and I'll be right back.
Okay! [laughs]
You are so brave!
[inhales]
Hey, you know,
if Moose isn't scared,
maybe I shouldn't be either.
[gasps]
Ohh! I totally take that back!
[panting]
[muffled] Rumy!
I found
some great skipping stones.
Ahh! Pond monster!
[spits]
Run! It's the pond monster!
He's back,
and he knows my name!
Wait. The pond monster
knows my name?
Everybody, run!
The pond monster's coming!
It's okay!
There isn't a pond monster.
I mean, there is,
but it's just you.
Who, me?
Wait. What?
[camera clicks]
Wow, I am
a little scary-looking.
But how did I get so dirty?
When you come up
from the bottom of the pond,
you end up covered
in mud and lily pads.
It's pretty amazing.
According to the WhyTab,
you can close your nose
and stay underwater
for a really long time.
I sure can! I just didn't know
I looked so scary.
Haven't you ever seen yourself?
I don't own a mirror,
but I think I should get one.
-[all yelling]
-[laughs]
Oops. Sorry.
And I'm especially sorry
I scared you, Rumy.
Oh, it's okay.
Now that I know
there's no such thing
as a pond monster,
I'm not scared at all.
Hmm. Oh.
Ah. [laughs]
[Bean] Hey, Rumy, you wanna...
Blahh!
[yelps]
Ooh, sorry, Rumy. It's just me.
[laughs]
I knew that.
I wasn't really scared.
[sighs] So what
are we waiting for?
Let's go skip some stones!
-Yay!
-Awesome!
Wait! Everybody smile,
and say, "Pond monster!"
-Pond monster!
[camera clicks]
You never think of a moose
being able to go underwater.
But if you're a moose, that's
where the yummiest food is,
even if it's a little messy.
Messy, yes. But scary?
Not anymore!
Time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together]
"The Case of the Pond Monster"
is officially closed.